Documentation Standard Updates (#85)
fivetran/dbt_stripe: README.md

        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Fivetran_Quickstart_Compatible%3F-yes-green.svg" /></a>
</p>

# Stripe Transformation dbt Package ([Docs](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_stripe/))
## What does this dbt package do?
- Produces modeled tables that leverage Stripe data from [Fivetran's connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/stripe) in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/stripe#schemainformation) and build off the output of our [stripe source package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source).
- Enables you to better understand your Stripe transactions. The package achieves this by performing the following:
    - Enhance the balance transaction entries with useful fields from related tables. 
    - Generate a metrics tables allow you to better understand your account activity over time or at a customer level. These time-based metrics are available on a daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly level.
- Generates a comprehensive data dictionary of your source and modeled Stripe data through the [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_stripe/).

<!--section="stripe_transformation_model"-->

> The following table provides a detailed list of all models materialized within this package by default.
> > TIP: See more details about these models in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_stripe/#!/overview?g_v=1).
> 
> | **model**                          | **description**                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Author: ```suggestion
The following table provides a detailed list of all tables materialized within this package by default.
> TIP: See more details about these tables in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_stripe/#!/overview?g_v=1).

| **Table**                          | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

|--------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [stripe__balance_transactions](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_stripe/#!/model/model.stripe.stripe__balance_transactions)    | Each record represents a change to your account balance, enriched with data about the transaction.                                                                                                                                       |
| [stripe__invoice_details](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_stripe/#!/model/model.stripe.stripe__invoice_details)      | Each record represents an invoice, enriched with details about the associated charge, customer, and subscription data.
| [stripe__invoice_line_item_details](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_stripe/#!/model/model.stripe.stripe__invoice_line_item_details)      | Each record represents an invoice line item, enriched with details about the associated charge, customer, subscription, and pricing data.

> | [stripe__daily_overview](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_stripe/#!/model/model.stripe.stripe__daily_overview)      | Each record represents, per day, a summary of daily totals and rolling totals by transaction type (balances, payments, refunds, payouts, and other transactions). You may use this model to roll up into weekly, quarterly, monthly, and other time grains. You may also use this model to create a MRR report.                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [stripe__daily_overview](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_stripe/#!/model/model.stripe.stripe__daily_overview)      | Each record represents, per day, a summary of daily totals and rolling totals by transaction type (balances, payments, refunds, payouts, and other transactions). You may use this table to roll up into weekly, quarterly, monthly, and other time grains. You may also use this table to create a MRR report.                                                  |
```

| [stripe__ending_balance_reconciliation_itemized_4](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_stripe/#!/model/model.stripe.stripe__ending_balance_reconciliation_itemized_4)       | This reports models after Stripe's payout reconciliation reports, helping match bank account payouts with related transactions. It provides details for automatic payouts and transactions that hadn't settled as of the report's end date. This report is only available for users with automatic payouts enabled and optimized for those who prefer to reconcile the transactions included in each payout as a settlement batch.                                                                                                                                               |
| [stripe__payout_itemized_3](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_stripe/#!/model/model.stripe.stripe__payout_itemized_3)       | This report represents payouts with information on expected arrival dates and status, akin to a bank statement for reconciling your Stripe balance, particularly useful for accounting purposes.

> | [stripe__line_item_enhanced](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_stripe/#!/model/model.stripe.stripe__line_item_enhanced)       | This model constructs a comprehensive, denormalized analytical table that enables reporting on key revenue, subscription, customer, and product metrics from your billing platform. It’s designed to align with the schema of the `*__line_item_enhanced` model found in Stripe, Recharge, Recurly, Shopify, and Zuora, offering standardized reporting across various billing platforms. To see the kinds of insights this model can generate, explore example visualizations in the [Fivetran Billing Model Streamlit App](https://fivetran-billing-model.streamlit.app/). Visit the app for more details.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [stripe__line_item_enhanced](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_stripe/#!/model/model.stripe.stripe__line_item_enhanced)       | This table is a comprehensive, denormalized analytical table that enables reporting on key revenue, subscription, customer, and product metrics from your billing platform. It’s designed to align with the schema of the `*__line_item_enhanced` table found in Stripe, Recharge, Recurly, Shopify, and Zuora, offering standardized reporting across various billing platforms. To see the kinds of insights this table can generate, explore example visualizations in the [Fivetran Billing Model Streamlit App](https://fivetran-billing-model.streamlit.app/). Visit the app for more details.  |
```

### Example Visualizations

> Curious what these models can do? Check out example visualizations from the [stripe__line_item_enhanced](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_stripe/#!/model/model.stripe.stripe__line_item_enhanced) model in the [Fivetran Billing Model Streamlit App](https://fivetran-billing-model.streamlit.app/), and see how you can use these models in your own reporting. Below is a screenshot of an example report—explore the app for more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Curious what these tables can do? Check out example visualizations from the [stripe__line_item_enhanced](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_stripe/#!/model/model.stripe.stripe__line_item_enhanced) table in the [Fivetran Billing Model Streamlit App](https://fivetran-billing-model.streamlit.app/), and see how you can use these tables in your own reporting. Below is a screenshot of an example report—explore the app for more.
```
